FRITZING PARTS FILES

    Fritzing supports user parts libraries, which it calls bins.  We have a
    RaspberrySTEM bin, which contains RaspberrySTEM Cells and other parts.

CREATING PARTS

    To create a part:
        - Right click on a existing part that's the most similar to the new part,
          and choose "Edit part (new parts editor)..."
        - Save as new part.  Choose default prefix.
        - Drag part from MINE bin to RaspberrySTEM bin
        - The part in MINE must NOT be deleted!  Perhaps it can be deleted later if
          the bin is reimported.

    Part can be further edited using the parts editor.

EXPORT

    Before Export, make sure to first save and close the open bins, then close and
    reopen the Fritzing app.  Otherwise, it appears Fritzing will export old data.

    To export the RaspberrySTEM bin, select the bin, choose "Export Bin..." from
    the drop down menu, and export to this directory.

    After export, you may want to untar the resulting .fzbz file, and verify that
    the svg files within it are correct.

IMPORT

    To import, choose "Import..." from the drop down menu, and import the .fzbz
    file.  Note that this will likely create a duplicate bin in the bin list.   The
    extra bin can be removed.

    The image files for the bin are stored separately in this in directory, and
    need to be installed manually the first time the bin is imported.  To do so,
    from this directory:
        
        cp *.png ~/.config/Fritzing/bins

    One potential issue - the .fzbz file has some hardcoded /User paths in it -
    this may need to be resolved.

    On first exit after import, make sure to choose to save both the imported parts
    and the bin when asked to do so (use the default file name).

    Also, seems can have issue with conflicting parts when reimporting a parts
    bin.  Deleting the parts in ~/.config/Fritzing/parts/user seems to fix it.

USING BREADBOARD DIAGRAMS

    To use diagrams in HTML docs, export the diagram via File -> Export -> As Image
    -> PNG.  The resolution is fixed.  Make sure to unselect any parts before
    exporting, as the dashed selection box will be saved in the export.

    To trim the Friting logo and whitespace use:

        ./bb_crop diagram_bb.png

    Even better (and more common), if useing a 2 breadboard diagram that you
    only want the top of, then use:

        ./bb_topcrop diagram_bb.png

    Move the resultant file to the HTML docs dir where it will be used, and
    incorporate it in the doc.

    TBD: It might be useful in the future to export as an SVG, and then convert to
    PNG at a specific resolution.  However, the current parts (either by a Fritzing
    error or user error) do not correctly export as SVG - all the RaspberrySTEM
    custom parts are missing.

USING "DOUBLE-WIDE" BREADBOARD DIAGRAMS

    Some breadboard diagrams use the "double-wide" RaspberrySTEM breadboard,
    which is not directly supported by Frizting.  To use these, we use two
    overlaid single-wide breadboards, and then stich the images together in
    postprocessing.  The images also must have notes correctly positioned in
    the top-left, top-right, bottom-left, and bottom-right corners.  Use
    another image as a starting point if creating new Fritzing diagrams.

    In Fritzing, "send to front" the TOP breadboard, delect it, then export is
    with the name:
        mydiagram_top_bb.png
    Repeat for the BOTTOM breadboard, using the name:
        mydiagram_bot_bb.png

    To stich the two images together, do:

        ./bb_stitch mydiagram
        
    Move the resultant file (mydiagram_bb.png) to the HTML docs dir where it
    will be used, and incorporate it in the doc.
